Through the use of lectures, practice exercises, problem sets, and projects, students worked towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. Successful student now know and are able to use Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures. A successful student will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary as well as clearly communicate their understanding of programming concepts. Caiden, you have some great positive attributes! You are communicative, trustworthy, and honest. Keep these great traits up in the second semester, they will help you grow and learn as both a person and a learner, specifically your trustworthy tendency. You also have some things you need to work on. I have noticed that this past semester you have been irresponsible, negative, and stubborn. It would be great if you could keep these in check in this upcoming semester, especially being negative. Throughout this semester, we have done a lot of work with problem sets. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have improved! However you are still under the B-range. You went from a 60 to a 77. Let's meet to discuss some options to get that higher We also have had assignments for homework to learn with hands on material. You haven't necessarily improved or gone down from the start of the year. Your average assignment grades have been lower than I would like, sitting around 80. We need to work on this! I also have more formal tests at the end of each unit to asses on each student's ability to apply their newly gained knowledge. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have not improved on these unit assesments. You went from a 90 to a 70, with your lowest score being a 70. Let's talk more about how to shift your thinking and get this path to become an upward slope. Throughout the semester you showed proficiency in being able to identify/characterize/define a programming problem. Furthermore, I really saw you thrive when working to effectively communicate programming solutions to others. Your work across these learning outcomes are clear strengths of yours, and are evident in your first test and second assignment.  However, you still have room to improve when working to understand and be able to use a variety of data types, control structures, and algorithmic problem-solving techniques in their programming. Also, your ability to design, document, implement and test solutions to programming problems could be stronger as well with some practice. And I see in some of your work that sometimes you struggle to express creativity using coding and technology in a variety of contexts. These struggles are more clearly seen in your first problem set and second problem set, and when thinking about the next semester, I recommend focusing on these areas to improve your proficiency. Overall, I think this course was a bit difficult for you. You struggled with many assignments and learning outcomes, but if you work hard, I believe that these skills can be improved for next semester if you take it. Utilizing out of class resources such as the loom videos, your peers, or other online sources may help you if you are stuck on a problem. I would also recommend some extra practice if you wish to take the next course, there are many free websites that offer practice problems that may prove helpful! Your final grade for the semester is a C+.