Through the use of lectures, practice exercises, problem sets, and projects, students worked towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. Successful student now know and are able to use Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures. A successful student will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary as well as clearly communicate their understanding of programming concepts. Evelyn, you have some great positive attributes! You are hardworking and humorous. Keep these great traits up in the second semester, they will help you grow and learn as both a person and a learner, specifically your hardworking tendency. You also have some things you need to work on. I have noticed that this past semester you have been talkative, disruptive, and sometimes late to class. It would be great if you could keep these in check in this upcoming semester, especially being disruptive. Throughout this semester, we have done a lot of work with problem sets. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have not improved. You went from a 90 to a 45, with your lowest score being a 45. Let's talk more about how to change your path to a better grade. We also have had assignments for homework to learn with hands on material. You haven't necessarily improved or gone down from the start of the year. Your average assignment grades have been lower than I would like, sitting around 66. We need to work on this! I also have more formal tests at the end of each unit to asses on each student's ability to apply their newly gained knowledge. You have had excellent growth from when you started at the beginning of the year. Your test scores went from a 78 to a 95, great job and keep it up! Throughout the semester you showed proficiency in being able to express creativity using coding and technology in a variety of contexts. Furthermore, I really saw you thrive when working to identify and repair coding errors in a program. Your work across these learning outcomes are clear strengths of yours, and are evident in your fourth test and third test.  However, you still have room to improve when working to design, document, implement and test solutions to programming problems. Also, your ability to understand and be able to use a variety of data types, control structures, and algorithmic problem-solving techniques in their programming could be stronger as well with some practice. And I see in some of your work that sometimes you struggle to effectively communicate programming solutions to others. These struggles are more clearly seen in your third problem set and second problem set, and when thinking about the next semester, I recommend focusing on these areas to improve your proficiency. Overall, you showed some strong work in some assignments, but definitely struggled with some others. With more time I beleive you can improve your proficiency in the learning outcomes and assignments you had more trouble with. Next semester will help you practice these skills more, and will expand upon the skills you have already mastered. Your final grade for the semester is a B.