Through the use of lectures, practice exercises, problem sets, and projects, students worked towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. Successful student now know and are able to use Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures. A successful student will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary as well as clearly communicate their understanding of programming concepts. Maija, you have some great positive attributes! You are caring and compassionate. Keep these great traits up in the second semester, they will help you grow and learn as both a person and a learner, specifically your caring tendency. You also have some things you need to work on. I have noticed that this past semester you have been lazy, impatient, and unresponsive. It would be great if you could keep these in check in this upcoming semester, especially being impatient. Throughout this semester, we have done a lot of work with problem sets. You haven't necessarily improved or gone down from the start of the year. Great job at consistently being on top of it and keeping that grade high with an average of around 92. We also have had assignments for homework to learn with hands on material. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have improved! However you are still under the B-range. You went from a 55 to a 78. Let's meet to discuss some options to get that higher. I also have more formal tests at the end of each unit to asses on each student's ability to apply their newly gained knowledge. You have had excellent growth from when you started at the beginning of the year. Your test scores went from a 78 to a 91, great job and keep it up! Throughout the semester you showed proficiency in being able to understand and be able to use a variety of data types, control structures, and algorithmic problem-solving techniques in their programming. I also really saw you thrive when working to identify and repair coding errors in a program. Another strong skill of yours is your ability to work collaboratively to write modular code on larger projects Your work across these learning outcomes are clear strengths of yours, and are evident in your third problem set and first problem set.  However, you still have room to improve when working to express creativity using coding and technology in a variety of contexts. Also, your ability to identify/characterize/define a programming problem could be stronger as well with some practice. These struggles are more clearly seen in your first assignment and second assignment, and when thinking about the next semester, I recommend focusing on these areas to improve your proficiency. Overall, you did a good job this semester. You showed proficiency in most of the learning outcomes highlighted throughout the course, and did some strong work on assignments. While there is some room to improve for next semester, I am excited to see how you do! Your final grade for the semester is a B+.