Through the use of lectures, practice exercises, problem sets, and projects, students worked towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. Successful student now know and are able to use Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures. A successful student will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary as well as clearly communicate their understanding of programming concepts. Tyler, you have some great positive attributes! You are creative and helpful. Keep these great traits up in the second semester, they will help you grow and learn as both a person and a learner, specifically your creative tendency. You also have some things you need to work on. I have noticed that this past semester you have been sometimes late to class and procrastinating assignments. It would be great if you could keep these in check in this upcoming semester, especially being sometimes late to class. Throughout this semester, we have done a lot of work with problem sets. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have improved! You went from a 78 to a 96, great job! We also have had assignments for homework to learn with hands on material. If you look at where you started, and where you are now, you have not improved. You went from a 95 to a 84. However, you are still in the B/higher range, so you are still okay. We can still talk about how to get that grade to go up. I also have more formal tests at the end of each unit to asses on each student's ability to apply their newly gained knowledge. You have had excellent growth from when you started at the beginning of the year. Your test scores went from a 80 to a 87, great job and keep it up! Throughout the semester you showed proficiency in being able to work collaboratively to write modular code on larger projects. Furthermore, I really saw you thrive when working to design, document, implement and test solutions to programming problems. Your work across these learning outcomes are clear strengths of yours, and are evident in your third problem set and first assignment.  However, you still have room to improve when working to identify and repair coding errors in a program. Also, your ability to effectively communicate programming solutions to others could be stronger as well with some practice. And I see in some of your work that sometimes you struggle to express creativity using coding and technology in a variety of contexts. These struggles are more clearly seen in your first problem set and first test, and when thinking about the next semester, I recommend focusing on these areas to improve your proficiency. Overall, you did a good job this semester. You showed proficiency in most of the learning outcomes highlighted throughout the course, and did some strong work on assignments. While there is some room to improve for next semester, I am excited to see how you do! Your final grade for the semester is a A-.